A computer desktop with an image editing
program appears on screen.
The image editing program shows a file
with images of gears and shapes.
The cursor manipulates the gears
and shapes.
A web browser appears on screen.
The cursor types in the browser search
box: Explosions in the sky.
Search results load in the browser window.
The cursor selects a link.
A video loads in the browser.
The title reads:
Explosions in the Sky - Six Days at the
Bottom of the Ocean.
The cursor resizes the browser window and
moves it to the upper right.
In the video, a figure holds a bass guitar
on a dark stage in front of a drummer.
The bass player sways back and forth.
The cursor manipulates items in the
image editor.
The cursor clicks, opens a menu and
shifts the arrangement of an object.
The cursor clicks (and copies) the word
highlights.
The cursor pastes the word highlights into
the image editor.
The cursor selects the word highlights
and retypes to create the word insights.
In the upper right, two figures
play guitars.
The cursor copies a grey bar and pastes
it into the image editor.
The cursor opens a menu and shifts the bar
to the back layer of the image editor.
In the lower right, a light orange callout
shaped like a bubble appears with text:
What would you change about education?
The cursor manipulates objects in the
image editor, rotating the word insights.
In upper right, the video with the band
shows a Texas flag in the background.
The cursor resizes and moves the image
editor to the bottom-right of the screen.
On the left, a translucent bubble slowly
moves up the screen.
A web browser appears on the left
half of the screen.
It shows an article:
Not Maimed but Malted.
The cursor scrolls, then clicks a link.
A page loads in the browser window.
The cursor scrolls to the end
of the article.
In the upper right, the bass player sways.
An orange bubble callout appears in the
lower right with text:
Tweak First. . . .
In the web browser, the cursor clicks
and scrolls through the article.
A page fills the browser titled:
mixing text with pictures.
In the lower right, a light-green bubble
callout appears with text:
Theorize later.
A File window slides on screen. The cursor
selects folders, highlighting their names:
The organic mechanic
Sets his ring tone
Choosing bird chirps
The peep in the poplar
Or, sometime later, in the inking evening
The distant owl
Yopping its
Wahoo.
The cursor finds a file in a folder and
opens it in the web browser on the left.
An article fills the browser titled:
hybrid://literature/cognition/design.
In the upper right, the drummer
crashes on his kit.
The bass player sweeps his hand
up and down on the strings.
The cursor clicks through
the article on the left.
In the lower right, an orange bubble
callout appears with text:
What have we learned
from our first questions?
The band plays.
In the lower right,
a green callout bubble appears:
What does it mean to tinker?
A File window slides on screen.
The cursor finds a file and
opens it in the browser.
An article loads in the browser:
Prosumer Approaches to
New Media Composition.
The cursor moves the File window
off screen.
In the article, the cursor selects play
on a video.
Figures talking and mixed imagery
appear in the video.
In the article, materials shift in frames:
video clips, imagery, text.
Stills from films appear
in the article.
Students working over a laptop
appear in the article.
Videos showing Brittany Spears and
Dr. Evil appear in the article.
In the lower right, a green bubble callout
appears with text:
Can we just talk about. . . .
The web browser slides off the screen.
A new web browser appears. The cursor
resizes and moves the window to the left.
In the lower right, a green bubble callout
appears with text:
. . . or must we do DIY?
In the web browser on the left, a page
appears with a title: My Portfolio.
The cursor scrolls through through the
portfolio.
In the lower right, an orange bubble
callout appears with text:
What is the teaching philosophy
of computers and writing?
In the upper right, band members sway
and play guitars.
In the lower right, a pink bubble callout
appears with text:
It's okay. . . .
The cursor scrolls through the portfolio
in the web browser.
In the lower right, the pink
callout reappears: It's okay. . . .
A green bubble callout joins the pink one:
. . . to make mistakes.
In the upper rsight, the video pans across
the band member playing instruments.
In the portfolio on the left, the cursor
clicks on a video.
The video playing in the portfolio shows
an empty classroom and thumbnail images.
The web browser with the portfolio
slides off screen.
A new web browser appears
on the left of the screen.
The browser shows an article: Yes and
Yes-and: Time in the Compshop.
In the upper right, the band members
sway, move, and play their instruments.
In the lower right, a light red bubble
callout appears with text:
What are the new questions?
The cursor scrolls through the article.
In the lower right, an orange bubble
callout appears with text:
A claim is coming.
The web browser with the article
slides off screen.
A new web browser appears showing a blog:
Daniel Anderson Writing Pusher.
The cursor resizes and moves the browser
to the left of the screen.
The browser shows a blog posting with
a poem.
The cursor scrolls to the bottom of the
blog posting.
The cursor clicks a link that says,
Add new comment.
A comment field opens.
In the lower right, an orange bubble
callout appears:
A claim is coming.
In the lower right, a green bubble callout
appears with text:
Cast as a question.
In the web browser, the cursor types
in the comment field:
Just checking back. I'm thinking that
local writerly stuff has gone global now,
or just keeps slipping between the global
and the local.
Beneath the comment field, an opaque copy
of the band performing appears.
In the comment field, the cursor types:
Like a zoom tool switching our gaze.
The video zooms in on the web browser
until the comment field fills the left
two thirds of the screen. On the right,
the video shows the band performing.
Barely visible imagery of the band playing
appears beneath the comment window.
The opaque imagery duplicates the video
of the performance, so two versions of
figures performing show side by side, one
opaque and scaled up.
The cursor types: It's still about the
prosumer push, the euphoric rush
picking its way through membrane.
Beneath the comment window, opaque, a
player rapidly picks a guitar.
The cursor types: Dance of light,
pixelated insight.
The video zooms in
until the comment window fills the screen.
Beneath the window, opaque, imagery pans
from two players picking guitars
to the drummer. The cursor types:
Heard through air vibration tools.
The tympanic mechanic
with hammer and drum . . . .
Beneath the typing, barely visible, the
drummer crashes his instruments.
The cursor types: drum drum drum. heart.
ear. lung.This is me and my machine.
The drummer crashes beneath the
cursor as it types:
This is the adumbrating edge
where writing becomes writing.
As the cursor types, the screen goes dark
except for a small callout illuminating
the word edge in time with the typing.
The cursor continues to type:
The Mobius moment where cast is cast.
Behind the comment window, the (opaque)
musicians jam on their instruments.
The cursor types:
Where the bus stops beyond language.
The view zooms out to show the browser,
the musical performance, and image editor.
Below the comment field,
the cursor clicks Submit.
The browser window reloads with a
preview of the comment.
The cursor resizes the browser window.
The cursor rearranges windows
on the screen.